[DEMON 11A]
Without pity, mercy, or dignity,
I will kill you all.
Alas, that will have to wait,
for I see a treasure trove of
toys over the dark horizon.
[REIN gasps]
Did he just run?
No, it's much worse.
He's not running from us--
he's going to attack
the people of the city!
[GROUP gasps]
[REIN]
I can't allow that to happen!
But we're dealing
with a demon here.
I could never ask--
[gasps]
[KANADE, NINA chuckle]
[GROUP chuckles]
I should have known!
[REIN] Stella, take care
of Nina and the townsfolk.
Of course, Rein, and may
luck be on your side.
[NINA]
Hey, wait!
Rein. I wanna go, too.
Why don't you hang back here?
Besides, I know you're not a
big fan of fighting, anyway.
[gasps] But, what if--
[KANADE]
Don't worry!
You can leave the
heavy lifting to us!
[TANIA, RUNA, SORA]
Mm-hm.
All right, just wait here.
[NINA]
Mm-hm...
Now...
Let's go!
[DEMON 11A cackles]
[CIVILIANS screaming]
[DEMON 11A]
They may be fragile,
but they're able to reproduce
at an impressive rate.
Are humans much
different than insects?
I can hardly tell!
[KANADE yowls]
[DEMON 11A]
My, my, look who it is.
My wonderful new
friends from the mansion.
You must have heard all
the fun I was having
and just couldn't wait
for your turn to play!
[REIN] I'm not here to
play your stupid game.
I'm here to kill you.
[DEMON 11A cackles]
How intriguing!
Yes, intriguing indeed.
Your proposition
sounds infinitely
more amusing than
stepping on all these ants!
[KANADE]
You wanna play, huh?
How 'bout a game
of cat and mouse?
I wanna play!
[REIN grunts]
[DEMON 11A]
Isn't this adorable?
You really thought that
little toy could hold me?
No, but...
...it was enough
to distract you.
While you were playing...
...we were hard at
work preparing for this.
[RUNA, SORA]
Flash Impact!
[REIN gasps]
--[RUNA] Did--
--[REIN] Did we do it?
Hey! That's what
I was about to say!
[gasps]
[DEMON 11A cackles]
Great. Of course,
nothing's ever that easy.
[DEMON 11A]
What's this? Five on one?
And four are ultimate species?
That seems a bit unfair.
Perhaps it's time to call
in a few reinforcements.
[DEMON HOUND 12A snarls]
[DEMON HOUNDS snarl]
[KANADE grunts]
Nope, don't like those!
He's able to summon monsters?
Yes, but they show no
sign of intelligence.
[DEMON 11A]
Now, go forth, faithful minions!
And feast until your
beastly hearts are sated!
[KANADE shouts]
[TANIA grunts]
[RUNA, SORA]
Dragoon Howling!
[DEMON HOUNDS groan]
[DEMON 11A] Well, they
proved to be as useless
as they were obedient.
We all knew they were
nothing but cannon fodder.
And now our sights
are back on you!
[DEMON 11A]
No matter.
Did I mention...
my legion is unyielding?
There's no limit to the amount
of servants I can summon!
If you keep sending 'em,
we'll keep beating 'em.
How 'bout that?
[DEMON 11A] I applaud your
spirit, but don't forget.
Once you get through my minions,
you'll have to go through me!
[KANADE gasps]
[screams]
Kanade!
How dare you hurt my friend!
[inhales]
[TANIA]
Dragon Breath!
[DEMON HOUNDS squeal]
[DEMON 11A grunts]
Speak to me. Are you all right?
[KANADE]
Mm! I'm all right.
[TANIA grunts, screams]
Tania!
Hey!
[grunts]
I'm here! Did he hurt you?
[TANIA gasps]
Uh, no! But thank you, though.
I'm all right.
[DEMON 11A]
I'm impressed, dragonoid.
That tussle was quite arresting.
Well, I must find
a way to thank you.
[gasps]
The city.
[DEMON 11A cackles]
Look how the insects' nests
light up like fine tinder!
You're gonna pay!
Have a Fireball...
make it Multi-shot!
[DEMON 11A sighs]
Your human magic can barely--
[DEMON 11A gasps]
[RUNA, SORA]
Gungnir Twister!
[DEMON 11A groans]
[SORA, RUNA]
Now's your chance!
[REIN]
Multi-Boost!
[KANADE]
I'm so ready for round two!
Is this Rein's power?
Go finish this;
I'm counting on you.
[TANIA, KANADE]
Leave it to us!
[KANADE grunting]
[TANIA grunting]
[DEMON 11A groans]
[RUNA, SORA]
Time for Judgement!
[yells] You're done here!
[DEMON 11A grunts]
[KANADE]
It's over!
[KANADE grunts]
[REIN] How's he still
standing after all that?
[DEMON 11A chuckles]
I hate to admit it,
but those attacks
were impressive!
[KANADE]
You're kitten me?
Impossible. He's unfazed!
[TANIA]
There's so many of 'em!
[DEMON 11A]
Very astute!
Now, before I go,
I want you all to give me one
final look of utter despair!
[GROUP grunts]
What now? He's running away?
No, he's preparing.
He's gonna destroy Horizon.
[BOTH gasp]
Not on my watch!
[KANADE]
He blocked it!
[SORA] Our spells and attacks
are useless at this distance.
[DEMON 11A]
'Twas a pleasure knowing you!
Come back!
[DEMON 11A cackles]
[REIN growls]
[KANADE]
What are we gonna do now?
There's gotta be
some way to stop him.
Just let us know how
we can help you, and--
[REIN] But while we are figuring
that out, people will suffer!
[REIN grunts]
[TANIA, KANADE]
Aww, Rein.
Can't think of
a way to help them?
Please, allow me to interject--
we could be of
service to the cause!
[REIN]
How so?
Well, Runa, could
you help explain?
Of course!
We can use a teleport spell
to evacuate the
townsfolk in a jiffy!
We can focus on saving them
while you guys kick
some demon butt!
I'm sold, what do you think?
I think we could save
a lot more people that way.
But are you sure?
If you're worrying
about us, please don't.
Our identities were revealed
when we saved the
people in the mansion.
And don't you forget--
we're just as devoted
to protecting the city
and its people as you are!
Thank you. Now, go save them!
On it!
Yes! Anything for you!
[AGGATH] Shouldn't we be
out there with the people?
[MINA] I've heard unconfirmed
rumors about a demon.
It's a minion of the Demon King,
thus, an inherent
enemy to our party.
[ARIOS]
Why bother?
We're after the Demon King
himself, not his weak servants.
Agreed. You said that demon crap
was unconfirmed gossip, anyway.
Yeah, but what if the
rumors are really true?
[ARIOS]
Whether it's true or not,
what I'm hearing is
the sound of my party
questioning my judgement!
No, sir. Sorry.
We're not. The divine
judgement of the hero
reflects the will
of God himself.
[ARIOS] It'll be a waste
if we don't allow this
to run its course.
Between the instant-death spell
and a powerful demon
sealed by the ring,
not even Rein can slither
his way out of this one!
[STELLA, KNIGHTS panting]
On me!
[KNIGHT 11A yells]
[DEMON HOUNDS groan]
Good start.
Let's keep going until a path
is cleared for evacuation!
Captain. The monsters
just keep on multiplying;
we can't hold them off forever!
I'm afraid it's more
than we can handle!
[STELLA]
We don't have a choice!
If they break our defenses here,
what will happen in Horizon?
We must protect the
city at all costs--
that is our solemn duty!
[KNIGHTS]
Yes, ma'am!
[SORA panting]
Stella!
[RUNA]
Thank goodness you're here!
Are you all right?
What's happening?
It's about the evacuation.
We've come with a request!
[STELLA]
I understand.
Getting them out with
teleportation magic
is brilliant.
Yes. We're happy to
help however we can.
[SORA, RUNA gasp]
That's wonderful!
That's such a relief.
We were worried
that humans might not trust
the word of two fairies.
Did you all hear that?
We must bring all of
the townsfolk to them.
[KNIGHTS]
Yes, ma'am!
[STELLA]
Move out!
[NINA whimpers]
[SORA] You've got
nothing to worry about.
We'll be right here by
your side to protect you.
Yeah, don't sweat it, kid!
Rein will be here sooner than
you can say "fairies"!
[SORA]
Now, let's do everything...
[NINA]
But still.
I want to help.
[DEMON 11A giggles]
[KANADE yowls]
[DEMON HOUNDS groan]
You pests! Get outta my way!
[STAND OWNER 8A sighs]
Thank you so much, Kanade!
Oh, wow, you're amazing,
dragon lady!
Leave these monsters to us!
Yeah, get outta here!
[KANADE, TANIA gasp]
Damn, how many
more can there be?
Wait, you really need to
start conserving your power!
[TANIA] She's right,
and we're supposed to
handle the crowd
control, remember?
[STELLA]
Don't worry,
this magic circle will teleport
you to a safe location!
[CITIZEN 12A] Look at those
wings--are they fairies?
[CITIZEN 12B]
I thought they hated humans.
[CITIZEN 12C] Stepping into
their magic circle seems risky.
[CITIZEN 12D]
How do we know if it's safe?
I knew it.
There's no trust.
[NINA gasps]
[RUNA, SORA]
Huh?
Aren't you the girls who ate my
hot dogs a few days ago?
How were they?
[SORA]
They were very delicious!
So good! I'll be
dreaming about those
scrumptious little logs
the rest of my life!
Oh, yeah, is that right?
[chuckles] They like
the same foods as us.
At the end of the day,
how different can
humans and fairies be?
[KID 8A]
Remember me?
[SORA gasps]
Weren't you...?
You two are so pretty!
Are you flower spirits?
Can't fool me, I knew you
were flower spirits all along!
You saved our lives,
and for that,
you have my eternal gratitude.
[STELLA]
Get a move on, girls!
[SORA]
Yes, ma'am!
[SORA, RUNA]
Mana Teleport!
Great. Second wave, now!
Enter the magic circle!
[KNIGHT 11A]
Captain! It's an emergency!
Huh?
Talk to me!
The monsters. They
figured out where we are!
[CITIZENS gasp]
I'll take care of
the teleportation.
You help them.
Right, loud and
clear. You got it!
[KANADE yells]
[yells]
Come on, they're not even
that tough or anything.
There's just too many of 'em!
[ADVENTURERS yelling]
[ADVENTURER 2C]
We've got your back!
[ADVENTURER 2B]
Don't worry, cat spirit lady!
[ADVENTURER 12C]
Go take care of your business.
[ADVENTURER 12D]
We'll handle this!
You're kidding.
[ADVENTURER 8A] This is our
way of thanking Miss Tania
for showing us what
a real battle feels like.
Whatever ya need, we've got ya!
Aww, you guys!
And it isn't just us, either!
[NATALIE]
To stave off disaster,
the Horizon Adventurer's
Guild will
put its weight behind
Rein and his party.
They, and a handful of knights,
are the city's only line of
defense from the monsters.
Though, I fear, without help
from the hero's party,
winning the battle will
be a major challenge
to say the least.
For Rein's party,
and the city we call home,
I'm begging for your help!
[NATALIE gasps]
I am indebted to Rein
and his companions.
If you're going to pledge
yourselves to the cause
and risk your
lives as they have,
use my best weapons, forged
with the fires of my soul,
and help them save Horizon!
[ADVENTURERS gasp]
Leave it to us!
We all owe them, too!
We don't need the help
of that cowardly hero, anyway!
[ADVENTURER 12G] With these
weapons, we can fight like hell!
[ADVENTURER 12H] We're gonna
protect Horizon ourselves!
I see. Thanks, you guys.
Are you just gonna
stand there and talk,
or fight that demon?
Go on!
You worry about the city,
we'll take care of these freaks!
[ADVENTURERS grunting]
Well, can't say
I'm not impressed!
My courage just doubled!
Scratch that, quadrupled!
Thank you again.
We won't stop
until Horizon is safe!
[STELLA]
Raise your swords!
Go forth, knights!
[KNIGHTS shout]
Mana Teleport!
I won't let you take
another step, foul beasts!
Fireball Multi-shot!
[SORA]
Hurry, step into the circle!
[RUNA]
Illusion Arrow!
[STELLA]
Stay strong!
We must hold the line
no matter what!
[KNIGHTS shout]
[NINA]
I'm scared.
I don't wanna hurt
anyone or myself.
That's why I've kept
running and surviving.
They're fighting and
giving it their all, but...
Is it worth living while others
risk their lives to protect me?
[SORA]
Mana Teleport!
Nina, it's your turn--
Where'd she go?
[REIN panting]
What's the deal? Will it work?
No use. He's still too far away.
Well, what's close enough?
[REIN] I need to be
right up in his face!
[gasps] Hey, Tania, what if you
transformed into a dragon?
Couldn't you just
fly him up there?
Not a chance.
I lose a lot of my agility
in that particular form.
I'd be putting a
target on my back.
And if I attack from a distance,
the monsters would just block me
like they did before.
All right,
do you think fairies'
teleportation magic would work?
[TANIA]
Maybe, but it's very tricky.
Teleportation magic requires
a lot of preparation
before the spell is cast.
Matching the destination
with a moving target
would take some
on-the-fly adjustments.
That would be more like
an "Instant Teleport,"
which Sora and Runa can't cast.
There's only one creature who
could pull off such
a precise teleportation.
[KANADE, REIN]
Hmm.
[NINA]
Rein!
[TANIA, KANADE]
Hey!
Nina! What are you
doing over here?
I just--I can't keep
running away like this.
People are always risking
their lives for me.
It's not fair.
I wanna take care of them, too!
But, Nina.
[TANIA, KANADE]
A demigod!
Who, me?
Growing up, I heard
demigods had special powers
that other ultimate species
could only dream of!
They can use spatial
manipulation magic,
or something.
She's right. I'm pretty
sure that Nina is capable
of casting Instant Teleport!
[REIN gasps]
Can you?
[NINA] grunts
[REIN] I need to get
close to that demon.
Can you get me up there?
[NINA gasps]
I can do that.
[KANADE, TANIA chuckle]
[REIN]
Are you sure?
You'd be willing to help me?
[gasps]
[NINA]
Mh-hm!
[DEMON HOUNDS growl]
Hurry up! You've gotta go!
We can take 'em!
You need to leave!
[REIN] There's too many,
even for both of you.
[KANADE]
Don't worry!
We believe in you, Rein!
We know that our master will do
whatever is necessary
to end this ordeal.
[REIN]
Hm!
What's this?
What does that
fragile human think
he can accomplish on his own?
[DEMON 11A]
Look at him scamper about!
How amusing!
You've done well thus far,
but can you dodge this?
[NINA]
Teleport.
[TANIA gasps]
No! Rein!
[DEMON 11A gasps]
What is he doing?
Fancy meeting you here.
No! But, how?
Is that a demigod?
You used Instant
Teleport, didn't you?
[REIN]
Yeah, that's right.
[DEMON 11A]
Clever boy.
You're chain-teleporting
to create an effect
similar to flight.
Flying doesn't change a thing!
You're but a human,
incapable of damaging me!
[REIN]
Boost, now!
[DEMON 11A gasps]
Increasing your own power, eh?
What good will it do if
your attacks don't harm me?
Dear boy,
I offer you a most
sincere compliment
for making it this far,
but your journey ends here.
Legion, devour him at once!
[DEMON HOUNDS snarl]
[REIN] My physical
attacks won't hurt you,
but that's not all
the Boost increases!
[DEMON 11A gasps]
[DEMON 11A]
You fool, what have you done?
[DEMON 11A groans]
[REIN groans]
[STELLA grunts]
[RUNA, SORA grunt]
[screams]
[TANIA, KANADE grunt]
Don't give up! Do you hear me?
[DEMON 11A]
Come to me, minions!
Feast upon his weakened soul!
[NINA]
Rein!
[RUNA, SORA]
[TANIA]
Rein!
[KANADE]
[REIN gasps]
[DEMON 11A grunts]
[REIN yells]
I'm done playing!
Obey me!
[DEMON 11A grunts]
You're wasting time!
What are you doing?
Hurry up and devour
this little man!
[REIN]
It won't work.
I've overwritten your
control of the monsters--
they don't listen to you,
they listen to me!
[DEMON 11A]
That's impossible!
I'm a demon, how could
you steal control from me?
It can't be done,
not by a human.
Who are you?
Me? Just a beast tamer.
[DEMON 11A]
You're a what?
How can a lowly beast tamer
take control of
my infinite legion?
Get 'em! Yeah!
You got this!
[RUNA, SORA]
Finish it!
Godspeed!
[REIN] I couldn't have
done this on my own,
but with my
friends by my side...
[DEMON 11A yells]
[DEMON 11A]
You're a dead man!
...I'll beat you every time!
[DEMON 11A grunts]
[DEMON 11A groaning]
[DEMON 11A screams]
[REIN gasps]
[DEMON 11A cackles]
How unexpected.
Not what I wanted, but
an interesting conclusion,
nonetheless.
Would you do me the honor
of telling me your name, human?
No, I will not.
[DEMON 11A chuckles]
[DEMON 11A]
Rather stubborn, aren't we?
It's over.
[NINA]
Rein.
Nina! Thank you!
If you didn't--
[NINA whimpers]
I can't.
[REIN yelps]
Tania!
Jeez, do you ever think
these things through?
[KANADE]
Hey! Over here!
[REIN]
Kanade! Everyone!
[REIN] We may have had some
missteps along the way,
and I'm sure some
people got hurt.
But in the end,
we saved the city!
[REIN] It's been three
days since the attack,
but the city's
looking better every day.
Because Horizon,
and its people, are resilient.
[inaudible]
[REIN]
Stella was officially appointed
as the new captain of the
Horizon Order of Knights.
Under her leadership,
I'm sure they'll be
used as a force for good.
[inaudible]
[REIN] She informed
me that, thanks to her,
everyone involved with
the corruption scheme
was moved to the capital
and is awaiting punishment.
Stella was also able
to find Nina's village.
I guess, after losing her,
the villagers packed up
and moved away.
But I know that as long
as she's alive and well,
she'll probably bump
into them again someday.
[KANADE laughs]
[REIN] Kanade's been a huge
help rebuilding the city.
She's a naturalized
Horizonian now!
Tania thought she'd
done a good job
of hiding her
dragonoid heritage.
[REIN] But somehow,
the town had already caught on!
No way!
[REIN]
And wouldn't you know,
Sora and Runa haven't had any
trouble fitting in, either.
Look at all those!
You did great!
Have some hot dogs
fresh from the grill!
[gasps]
[RUNA gasps]
[SORA, RUNA laugh]
[VENDOR 9A] Go on, take
as many as you'd like!
[SORA]
Thank you!
I'll say, you guys really
are the champions of the city.
Yeah, they are pretty
amazing, aren't they?
Aw, you are, too.
Don't count yourself short.
Who, me? C'mon,
I'm no champion at all.
I'm just your
average beast tamer--
the kind you can
find almost anywhere!
[GROUP]
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Hey! Don't be weird.
What's with you guys, anyway?
[GROUP]
Oh, sweet boy.
[GROUP giggles]
[GROUP]
Such a Rein thing to say!
[REIN]
Huh? What does that mean?
[KANADE]
Next Time: "A Home for All."